Additional information about working with PreHooks (#498)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/about-hook-crs-for-migration-plans-api.adoc

When you add a hook, you must specify the namespace where the hook CR is located, the name of the hook, and specify whether the hook is a PreHook or PostHook.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> In order for a PreHook to run on a VM, the VM must be started and available by SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for a PreHook to run on a VM, the VM must be started and available using Secure Shell Protocol (SSH).
```
i have a bit of issue with the preposition `by`
Do not care if you go with just `SSH`

> In order for a PreHook to run on a VM, the VM must be started and available by SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for a PreHook to run on a VM, the VM must be started and available via SSH.
```
